you know guys we see these two teams
when the energy and the quality of
slaves you take the step back and look
at their wonderful body of working here
these teams have combined for five
double-digit wins this is it if you get
the Mavericks and sons both have had 17
game win streaks which is the seventh
longest win streak equal net in the
history of the league Dallas has had
three streets of more than 12
consecutive wins first team in NBA
history to do that there's a bit of a
surprise
and talents pretty
who say Juan Perez goes rookie out of
northeastern because of Devon Harris his
injury he has to come into ocean
okay
explore it rotates to the barbosa fires
up the three right away I guess you
didn't get the best at this yeah you got
the little guy over there who's really
bad
Jose explain a zone is 76 minutes 21
gauge so at the end of game the place
insignificant minutes the last two days
Francis in Tripoli
it ain't the first half he's one of the
top scorers in the league in the first
quarter Josh Howard tenure the third the
magic turned around by 25 we mentioned a
25 points swing from down 16 Dallas is
now up 9 here's tonight's Chevrolet game
drive 15 when Ash was terrific in the
first half but he just got three points
thus far here in the third quarter great
defense by Dallas but the battle of the
board second-chance points plus 17 for
Dallas Dallas has 18 offensive rebounds
Erick Dampier is just awesome out there
he's got six offense read about Dampier
does not have a single defensive rebound
after the slow start Nowitzki come on he
has 17 points and Lisa Salters has more
on with the sun's going to try to do to
set the time here well Mike Mike
D'Antoni who said hey they went on a run
now it's fine for us to go on a run
let's make our run right now trouble is
he had to give Steve Nash this customary
break he sucked in James Jones head
without therefore Jennifer Thomas James
Jones Shawn Marion Raja Bell ends our
post of the five on the floor for Santa
no signs of or appeal
be good for Phoenix where Thomas goes to
get news laying on the baseline it would
belong to the Maverick Marella just
blocked that shot by the way I'm gonna
give him her I'm gonna give him a block
though are you official stats done while
I was wrong the first time but that was
a block we'll check it brochet is 58
block Adams northeastern there's a point
guard there the last couple of seasons
played for years up to Boston have been
sneaking around
we feel players at the defensive player
of the world at the end of the season he
has no clue as to what he's trying to do
against Dirk Nowitzki you've got to
force him right go to watch Sparkle ran
Lissitzky who wants to go left that's
his game going to the hoop and the
shunran is forcing him that way and
that's okay if your team strategy is to
come and double-team him but obviously
it's not everybody's on the same page in
the Phoenix lineup right now well yeah I
think he gets the middle of the floor
that's when you put the most pressure on
a defense you want to force a man
baseline and then get your help from
there make him spin and
the baseline side one more coming for
Barbosa later tonight on ESPN full
wrap-up for tonight said I see action
latest news and get you set the last
look at the brackets the NCAA char
college game tonight on ESPN it's at the
Sports Center 1:00 a.m. Eastern midnight
here in section 10 on the west coast for
so many players here involved with the
NCAA tournament moments in their lives
we have Dallas Mavericks
Steve Nash was part of one of those 215
upsets when he played for Santa Clara
they knocked off Arizona yeah I know a
bunch of basketball players a college
basketball players the wings for their
moment tomorrow I wouldn't be surprised
if they're watching the James and I have
fun guys the country enjoys watching
what you do the next step
now the sweets
by 16 in the tech
the other point
they're just getting into the paint and
they just chickened out the wide-open
threes
fire
she got places got snagged karposev mr3
marrying the King's death
and aged 16 points in this quarter - the
Sun will attack the rim but couldn't
finish
we're beyond thought leadership that
economy
diao quote on the best
under this five had played together
lucky with Quran
does it Steve Terry attack Parral
thought about taking it for speed
and then down Harrison easier to get his
neck if he was hit across the head like
so he's open in the corner Barbosa Dixie
great contain there by dirk nowitzki
stated pune Barbossa made him kick it
out of the james jones he shot it well
tonight but wasn't able to get that one
down they've shown was on fire in the
first half really hasn't produced much
of the second as the crowd why
the close of the third
again he was left he'll bill do you get
a chance to play the NCAA tournament
John I'm old enough ever feel playing in
the insane tournament was before you
were born
they were the Mavericks who played the
final four Stackhouse Carolina 95 Erick
Dampier Pacific state seats eliminated
by Syracuse in 96 Jason Terry at 97
amore Xavier on the end of the bed
playing for time in Sullivan Michigan
sent to see Jason Terry there he was
part of the last team the only team to
be play number one seeds on the way to
their national championship in
Indianapolis and his brother plays for
UNLV there at NC 2 on Georgia Tech
Ruby's coming up here in the tournament
this weekend
that wasn't just number one seeds maybe
they beat the Titans in the history of
college basketball Kentucky North
Carolina
Jason Terry Mike Bibby that what a team
the Hall of Fame mariette has the
Pequod's he does not because sons were
out for
thirty
61% that
to avoid going over three thus far this
season against Dallas off we go to the
fourth quarter